when you're getting ready to walk on
stage back up just a little bit so
you're just changing radio walk on stage
right so hips reports me good for you
guys and then you want a slight twist in
your upper body your upper body see how
we're playing completely prop over each
other okay maybe we have three plates
you have right shoulder yeah middle I
mean left shoulder plate so when you are
putting on your pivot okay so your hips
are 45 and when I ask you to put a pivot
on you can I go like this
so everything crosses over how much your
right to stay in you're right your left
to stay in your left in your middle of
our commitment so here you just put a
pivot on this way so everything kind of
stays the same if you're normal but I
have a slight pivot
and look so you gonna walk out upstairs
- you'll be clicking this direction
you're gonna have your shoulders kind of
relaxed keep even your arms and be in
this position now what he doesn't think
of walking down the street okay that's
that simple okay so watch me which is
amazing right so we want to keep that
down wait right so the reason why I said
down street because I know fast right I
know you're not okay so while all the
same grades which you have which I can
even hear there
that's if you want to take that away
from you it's beautiful